a long tour down under can throw up many
challenges and for the British and Irish
Lions the latest came on the fields of
Sydney grammar school as a group of
players hone their skills against some
potential Wallabies of the future the
pupils were the lucky recipients of a
lion's coaching clinic and whilst there
the squad members had time to
contemplate an even bigger challenge the
first test against australia a test
match rugby is just huge intensity and
it's about making the right decision
decisions in the in that kind of
intensity to be very fast very physical
another step up from the games we play
been playing here and you just you know
it's about trust you trusted the
selectors try to trust who they've
selected and and and and hope that they
make the right decisions on the day and
I think it's a great team you've got
young you know we're looking in really
good shape been there speaking to people
back home and they're just seeing the
hopes unbelievable and you can't go on
social media and you see everyone's just
talking about Alliance then oh here as
well they might have red jerseys she's
incredible yeah those are something too
bad actually I think naturally we get a
bit of a a bit stick bouncing sound like
the games you and they pay public roads
which is a great funny actually similar
stuff the coming of the quality and the
Lions team is obviously something
someone special and the squad last day
at the middle meant great among the
talent and any 15 this put up I think
we'll be able to do a good job he would
you say are they dangerous I think they
got so many who can't just pinpoint one
or two I think if you pinpoint one or
two then it's going to open holes up for
the other other players so you know just
as a 15 as a team they work well and no
I just think you've got to stop the
momentum they get an attack prop Matt
Stevens is of course renowned for his
musical skills and it would seem that
he's been providing plenty of
entertainment on the tool I've i bought
the guitar along it's all the boys love
a sing-song and we get together and play
the guitar there are a lot of different
guitarist in the team and there they all
like playing with tar so it's a good day
good vibe every other guitarist and what
they like Jamie Roberts very good
guitarist Shore Maitland's a great
guitarist actually better than me
so I've been getting compliments but
there there are a lot better guys than
me Lions fans we've made the trip around
the world will be hoping that they too
have something to sing about on Saturday
night in the meantime the squad's
australian-based fan club has just grown
a little larger